README.md, before:

# Constant Contact PHP SDK
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/constantcontact/php-sdk.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/constantcontact/php-sdk) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/constantcontact/constantcontact/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/constantcontact/constantcontact) [![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/constantcontact/constantcontact/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/constantcontact/constantcontact)

### This library utilizes [GuzzlePHP](https://guzzlephp.org)

## Installing via Composer (recommended)
[Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) is a dependency management tool for PHP that allows you to declare the dependencies your project needs and installs them into your project. In order to use the Constant Contact PHP SDK through composer, you must do the following 

1. Add "constantcontact/constantcontact" as a dependency in your project's composer.json file.
```javascript
 {
        "require": {
            "constantcontact/constantcontact": "2.0.*"
        }
    }
```

2. Download and Install Composer.
```
curl -s "http://getcomposer.org/installer" | php
```

3. Install your dependencies by executing the following in your project root.
```
php composer.phar install
```

4. Require Composer's autoloader.
Composer also prepares an autoload file that's capable of autoloading all of the classes in any of the libraries that it downloads. To use it, just add the following line to your code's bootstrap process.
```
require 'vendor/autoload.php';
```

### Manual Installation
Manual installation is not recommended, as this library relies on other Composer libraries to function. Getting started with composer is easy!

## Documentation

The source documentation is hosted at http://constantcontact.github.io/php-sdk

API Documentation is located at http://developer.constantcontact.com/docs/developer-guides/api-documentation-index.html

## Usage
Once either the composer or built in autoloader has been required, you can begin using the SDK.

The ConstantContact class contains the underlying services that hold the methods that use the API.
```php
use Ctct\ConstantContact;
$cc = new ConstantContact('your api key');

$contacts = $cc->contactService->getContacts('your access token')
```

Many methods will take an array of parameters for use in the calls. Available params are documented in the PHPDoc of the method.
```php
$params = array("limit" => 500);
$contacts = $cc->contactService->getContacts('your access token', $params);
```
## Minimum Requirements
Use of this library requires PHP 5.4+, and PHP cURL extension (http://php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php)

Commit message:

Update README and rebase from dev

README.md, after:

# Constant Contact PHP SDK
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/constantcontact/php-sdk.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/constantcontact/php-sdk) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/constantcontact/constantcontact/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/constantcontact/constantcontact) [![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/constantcontact/constantcontact/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/constantcontact/constantcontact)

### This library utilizes [GuzzlePHP](https://guzzlephp.org)

## Installing via Composer (recommended)
[Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) is a dependency management tool for PHP that allows you to declare the dependencies your project needs and installs them into your project. In order to use the Constant Contact PHP SDK through composer, you must do the following 

1. Add "constantcontact/constantcontact" as a dependency in your project's composer.json file.
```javascript
 {
        "require": {
            "constantcontact/constantcontact": "2.0.*"
        }
    }
```

2. Download and Install Composer.
```
curl -s "http://getcomposer.org/installer" | php
```

Or via [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/), and you can call ```composer``` directly instead of ```php composer.phar```
```
brew install composer
```

3. Install your dependencies by executing the following in your project root.
```
php composer.phar install
```

4. Require Composer's autoloader.
Composer also prepares an autoload file that's capable of autoloading all of the classes in any of the libraries that it downloads. To use it, just add the following line to your code's bootstrap process.
```
require 'vendor/autoload.php';
```

### Manual Installation
Manual installation is not recommended, as this library relies on other Composer libraries to function. Getting started with composer is easy!

If you require manual installation, it is recommended that you use version 1.3.*, which can be found in the releases of our Github page. Composer handles all of the dependencies that this library requires in version 2.

## Documentation

The source documentation is hosted at http://constantcontact.github.io/php-sdk

API Documentation is located at http://developer.constantcontact.com/docs/developer-guides/api-documentation-index.html

## Usage
The ConstantContact class contains the underlying services that hold the methods that use the API.
```php
use Ctct\ConstantContact;
$cc = new ConstantContact('your api key');

$contacts = $cc->contactService->getContacts('your access token')
```

Many methods will take an array of parameters for use in the calls. Available params are documented in the PHPDoc of the method.
```php
$params = array("limit" => 500);
$contacts = $cc->contactService->getContacts('your access token', $params);
```
## Minimum Requirements
Use of this library requires PHP 5.4+, and PHP cURL extension (http://php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php)

If you are being required to use an older version of PHP, it is highly recommended that you update to at least 5.4 - but you can use version 1.3.*, which can be found in the releases of our Github page.
